docs(kraft): kraft-based upgrade and downgrade instructions (#9435)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/configuring/con-config-kafka.adoc

* Rack awareness
* Metrics
* Cruise Control for cluster rebalancing
* Metadata version for KRaft-based Kafka clusters
* Inter-broker protocol version for ZooKeeper-based Kafka clusters

> The `metadataVersion` or `inter.broker.protocol.version` property for the Kafka `config` must be a version supported by the specified Kafka version (`spec.kafka.version`).

Reviewer: Can we make it more clear here that `metadataVersion` is a separate field in `.spec.kafka` but `inter.broker.protocol.version` is a field in the `.spec.kafka.config`? I think it will be confusing the way it is written now (as many users might be confused the metadata version is not in the Kafka config anymore and might misread it). Maybe like this?

```suggestion
The `.spec.kafka.metadataVersion` field or `inter.broker.protocol.version` property in `.spec.kafka.config` must be a version supported by the specified Kafka version (`spec.kafka.version`).
```

The property represents the Kafka metadata or inter-broker protocol version used in a Kafka cluster.

> If either of these properties is not set in the configuration, the Cluster Operator updates the version to the default for the Kafka version used.  

Reviewer: Should we maybe add here that:
* The oldest supported metadata version is `3.3`
* Using an older metadata version than the Kafka version might cause some KAfka features to be disabled?
